So how'd y'all deal with
that particular example?
Hopefully, you did okay.
Let's go through my answer here on the
code pen, and so we are in chapter two.
This is part four, and this was my
solution to the particular problem,
you of course, you may have a slightly
different solution that doesn't make,
your solution invalid.
There's never one solution to
these particular problems.
So we'll go through here my HTML first
because all good things start with
good markup.
So we start off with
a section of the webpage.
So we started that pattern with
the introduction being a section.
So this is also a section of the webpage.
I'm gonna use the section
element here as well.
I'm also gonna use an ID of contact cuz
again I'm gonna wind up using that for
some in-page navigation,
we'll talk more about exactly how that
works when we get to the nav bar.
Which is the next thing we're gonna cover.
Then mark this up is an h2 for contact me
because once again we have the h1 have
already given that away,
we have the h1, on the page elsewhere.
So this is equally important as
a heading for this particular section.
And then I have a paragraph describing
the kinds of things that I'm interested in
being contacted about.
You're welcome to of course update
that to whatever you want it to say.
And then I have the link at the bottom and
I have set that up to, as a mail to link.
If you're not familiar with
this kind of link here.
You simply start your link with mail to,
all one word,
followed by your email address.
And in a perfect world when this button
is clicked this is going to open up
whatever email is set by default on your
computer and it will start a message.
So, mine is a Gmail type
of environment for example.
So when you click that particular link,
it will open up a message for
me in Gmail so
I can write an email right there.
A better way to do this probably
is an actual form with a,
some kind of processing behind it.
There are many ways you can write that.
You could, of course, write it all
out with standard HTML form and
come up with some kind of
processing script behind it.
You could use one of the off the shelf
kind of no code type of solutions,
so something like a Google form for
example.
Or type form or,
there's a whole bunch of different
possibilities out there for that.
And maybe embed that in
the page as an iframe,
that would be another
way to go about this.
So, these email links tend
not to be used all that
much because there are some
downsides to them,
notably if people don't have email
configured on that particular computer.
Okay, so let's go through what
the CSS winds up looking like then.
So I added my CSX section down here,
just after my introductory information,
all of the other stuff
that we wrote previously.
And so here, in my contact
section I set a width for it.
I've only 400 pixels,
and I centered the text,
center align the text, and
set my margin to zero auto, and
this is a way of aligning elements
on the webpage and centering them.
So in this particular case, remember
when you have margin or padding and
you have two numbers, the first number
refers to the top and the bottom.
The second number refers to the left and
the right.
And so margin zero auto works
hand in hand with a width value.
So in this case the width
value is 400 pixels.
And what this is saying is, don't put
any margin on the top of the bottom,
obviously.
And then whatever extra space
there is beyond 400 pixels, Mr.
Browser, I'd like you to take that space.
I'd like you to divide it in half and
stick it evenly on the left and
the right of that particular box.
So it centers the whole
box on the webpage.
Again, you could have used
a Flexbox to do this, but
we haven't gotten to Flexbox yet.
This is an old school way of doing it,
it's absolutely legit.
It continues to work really, really well.
And then I added a little bit of
padding on the top of the bottom, so
they will have a little bit of breathing
room as we start to stack these things up
on the webpage.
And then on my last paragraph
you could have done this,
once again, you could have done this,
with a class,
you could have assigned a class to this
paragraph with the email me link on it.
In my case I simply said,
this pseudo class of last child.
So what does that mean?
That means take a look at all of the
paragraphs that are here inside of this
document, pick the last one that's here,
the last child of the contact section and
give it some padding at
the top of three rooms.
So give us a little bit of
breathing room there as well.
Now the one thing here that might look
a little bit odd to you is that I've
made the entire page purple.
And that is because up
here in my body element,
I changed my background color to plump,
okay?
So we know that we're headed towards
this goal of putting everything
together in a webpage.
So my introductory text now has
a body background color of black, and
my contact section has a body
background color of purple,
we'll eventually need to resolve that.
But I'm not gonna worry about that for
the moment.
We've basically got what's going on here.
File that away in the back of your head
that we're gonna need to think about how
we're gonna change the colours for
the backgrounds.
The intro versus the contact
section when we eventually assemble
this into our webpage.
Any questions on this particular problem?
>> Should we add this to
our existing code pen?
Or why are we making a new code pen for
this?
>> So my goal here is to sort of isolate
each part of this web page inside of its
own code pen.
I'm copying from through
the CSS as it goes, so
we're creating a unified stylesheet.
We don't have to keep redoing
a whole bunch of work from that,
but I'm looking at each
piece of HTML individually.
We are going to reassemble all
these elements that we're putting
together into VS Code to make
an actual quote, real webpage.
You can just keep this as its
own code pen for the moment and
you'll refer back to this when we
get to that part of the course.